# CIS4360

Gartner Microservice Blog

  After reading the Gartner pdf somethings I found interesting were that microservices does not have anything to do with the amount of code, that reusability of code is not focused on, and while there are many benefits to microservice architecture it is not for everyone and leaders have to understand how to use it correctly. 
  The micro part of microservice does not really refer to the amount of code but rather how the application or program is packaged. Microservice architecture would have packaged features that would be individually deployed. Each package would handle its own scalablity. Rather than a monolithic application which would deploy all of the application at the same time and the each feature of the application may not be scalable individually. 
  The idea of not focusing on reusability of code to me was very interesting. From past classes that I have taken have code that is reusable is considered a very good thing. From classes such as CIS3344 and CIS3309 for example. However rather than having general and reusable code, microservice architecture seems to favor having specialized code that handles features and functions in its own way specifically for the application that it is part of.
  Lastly the fact that even though microservice architecture has a lot of advantages it is not for everybody. Leaders have to be careful on how they implement microservice architecture into their applicaitons. Some advantages being that they can deploy applications very quickly, each application is individually scalable, and risk reduction like if one part of the application have problems other parts will still be able to run without problem being a few. However microservices does also have quite a few requirements. Microservices require the teams to have a huge amount of flexibility. Reason being teams working with microservice need to have autonomy and authority on how they build the components, the way that data is managed is changed, teams working on the application needs to be able to work in agile and many other costs. 
